# OnMiner
##Project Description 
  Today almost everything in our life becomes "online". Social networks are everywhere. Even refrigerators are released with a build-in Twitter support! All of modern games have a social-network integration. But what about old school games? They are loved, but often it's a love at a distance. Very few ones have MS-DOS to taste the flavor of such games, e.g. And those ones, who do, have no any chance to play with social component. 
  We want to give a new social-oriented breath to the old games. There are a lot of such ones, and nobody plays them. With social integration on a new innovation level you can play to an them together with your friends! 
  For now, we concentrate on the "Minesweeper". A few generations of players from all over the world again, again and again have tried to neutralize the mined field just for fun, or trying to make it as fast, as possible, in order to compete with their friends or to beat their own records. We believe that the unique feature of the social integration and social gameplay can resurrect an interest to this game.  
  So now we are proud to introduce "Online Miner"! Online Miner is reborn and rethought version of Miner with online competitions with your friends or people all over the world. So now we are proud to introduce you the reborn and rethought version of Miner with online competitions with your friends or people all over the world. Play in 1 vs 1 version or take part in huge battles with your teammates against other teams or Artificial Intelligence. Complete military missions against computer to keep within the time and to protect your forces from being damaged by mines on the fields of wars and in fleet battles. Try all the game modes, solo and multiplayer ones, explore every map and complete the hard mode to get all achievements. 
  Online Miner is the reincarnation of exciting and time-tested idea, combined with the latest innovations and trends in game industry. 
